Add documentation for `/api/v2_alpha/notifications` (#1517)
mastodon/documentation: content/en/methods/notifications_alpha.md

Types to filter include:
- `mention` = Someone mentioned you in their status
- `status` = Someone you enabled notifications for has posted a status
- `reblog` = Someone boosted one of your statuses
- `follow` = Someone followed you
- `follow_request` = Someone requested to follow you
- `favourite` = Someone favourited one of your statuses
- `poll` = A poll you have voted in or created has ended
- `update` = A status you boosted with has been edited
- `admin.sign_up` = Someone signed up (optionally sent to admins)
- `admin.report` = A new report has been filed

**Returns:** [GroupedNotificationsResults](#GroupedNotificationsResults)\
**OAuth:** User token + `read:notifications`\
**Version history:**\
4.3.0 - added

#### Request

##### Headers

Authorization
: {{<required>}} Provide this header with `Bearer <user token>` to gain authorized access to this API method.

##### Query parameters

max_id
: String. All results returned will be lesser than this ID. In effect, sets an upper bound on results.

since_id
: String. All results returned will be greater than this ID. In effect, sets a lower bound on results.

min_id

> : String. Returns results immediately newer than this ID. In effect, sets a cursor at this ID and paginates forward.

Reviewer: What is `ID` in this context? Group keys?

Author: No, they are notification IDs! I will make that explicit.

Author: Updated, hopefully this is clearer now!

Reviewer: Yes!

> max_id
> : String. All results returned will be lesser than this ID. In effect, sets an upper bound on results.
> 
> since_id
> : String. All results returned will be greater than this ID. In effect, sets a lower bound on results.
> 
> min_id
> : String. Returns results immediately newer than this ID. In effect, sets a cursor at this ID and paginates forward.

Author: ```suggestion
max_id
: String. All results returned will be about notifications strictly older than this notification ID. In effect, sets an upper bound on results.

since_id
: String. All results returned will be about notifications strictly newer than this notification ID. In effect, sets a lower bound on results.

min_id
: String. Returns results about notifications immediately newer than this notification ID. In effect, sets a cursor at this ID and paginates forward.
```
